In addition to Sys test, here are reasons for not being 100% in unit test:   
In main.py, these lines are unavailable:  
except Exception as info: 
        print info 
        return "database not available2"  
        
except Exception as info: 
        print "can not read record from database" 
        return str(info)

The reason we cannot reach them is that the database exception are tested before that. So if the database has connection problem, these two exception will not be occured.  

In Algorithm.py, these lines are unavailable: 
if order is None: 
                    sell_info['trans_id'] = self.insert_trans( 
                        sell_info, "failure occurred, recalculate strategy", None, cur, conn) 
 
                    market_info = self.quote_info() 
                    current_time = self.cal_current_time(market_info['timestamp']) 
                    if order_size > 10: 
                        order_size -= 10 

The reason we cannot reach them is because this case is inside of the main logic of the algorithm. The case that order will be None is only occurred when the execute order method fail. But for the main logic to run, we cannot make some fake server that work at beginning but fail in the middle. Thus we are not able to cover this part.


This is log for system test:

Register Test:
    enter number as username and password:
    successfully register new user
    enter other ASCII symbol as username and password:
    successfully register new user
    enter symbol longer than 500 into text box:
    the text box will now allow more symbol if 500 limitation reached
    try to register using the username of an existing user:
    register rejected

Login Test:
    enter correct password and username and submit:
    successfully login and jump to trading pages
    enter random ASCII symbol as username and password which does not match any record:
    Alert of failed to login pop up
    enter symbol longer than 500 into text box:
    the text box will now allow more symbol if 500 limitation reached
    
Trading Test:

Start Trading:

Enter noun numeric value
    No reaction in textbox.
Enter number < 1:
    enter 0:
    pop up alert "Input rejected, Amount out of range:[1,1000000]"
Enter number > 1000000
    enter 1000001
    pop up alert "Input rejected, Amount out of range:[1,1000000]"
Enter number between 1 and 1000000 (edge included)
    enter 1:
    start trading normally and finish
    enter 500000
    start trading normally and finish
    enter 1000000
    start trading normally and finish
 Try to start a new trasaction when the trading is ongoing.
    The start button is disabled so nothing happens.

Server Status:

Start our server and JP morgan server, enter our platform
    The server status is going to be updated to "connected".
Start our server and JP morgan server, enter our platform, then close our server
    The server status is going to be updated to "server error".
Start our server and JP morgan server, enter our platform, then close JPmorgan server
    The server status is going to be updated to "market error".
Start our server and JP morgan server, enter our platform, then close JPmorgan server, then restart JPmorgan server
    The server status is going to be updated to "connected" again.
    

Trading Status:

Start our server and JP morgan server, enter our platform
    The trading status is "Stopped".
Start trading by inputing an amount and clicking the start button
    The trading status is "Running".
Wait a request to end
    The trading status is "Stopped" again.
    
Graph:

Every 2 seconds:
    The market price chart updates the latest market price.
    The bar chart updates the markect price and average selling price.
    The pie chart updates the completed amount and undone amount.

When the trading finished:
    The pie chart disappears.
    

